fix(ui5-label): improve "for" attribute accessibility reading (#5872)
SAP/ui5-webcomponents: docs/2-advanced/07-accessibility.md

This is not needed in UI5 Web Components, because when using our elements, all relevant accessibility attributes for a certain component will be applied in the shadow DOM, without further setup. Additionally, many accessibility-related APIs are available. They can be used to enhance the accessibility in the context of each application.

> As the Web Components are a new standard, there are still some gaps in regard to accessibility. For example - setting IDRef relationships is currently not possible due to the nature of the custom elements and their shadow DOM. This is a limitation in the ARIA support and there is a draft of a new [AOM (Accessibility Object Model)](https://github.com/WICG/aom), which addresses this issue and many more, and aims at a better JS-based accessibility support for all web elements. We are continuously working on improving the existing limitations. For example, in order to create a Label-Input relationship, you can use the `for` property of the label component to bound the label to an input or `accessible-name-ref` property of the input component to bound the input to a label.

Reviewer: @simonarangelova Could you please have a look at the documentation updates :)

> As the Web Components are a new standard, there are still some gaps in regard to accessibility. For example - setting IDRef relationships is currently not possible due to the nature of the custom elements and their shadow DOM. This is a limitation in the ARIA support and there is a draft of a new [AOM (Accessibility Object Model)](https://github.com/WICG/aom), which addresses this issue and many more, and aims at a better JS-based accessibility support for all web elements. We are continuously working on improving the existing limitations. For example, in order to create a Label-Input relationship, you can use the `for` property of the label component to bound the label to an input or `accessible-name-ref` property of the input component to bound the input to a label.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As the Web Components are a new standard, there are still some gaps in regard to accessibility. For example - setting IDRef relationships is currently not possible due to the nature of the custom elements and their shadow DOM. This is a limitation in the ARIA support and there is a draft of a new [AOM (Accessibility Object Model)](https://github.com/WICG/aom), which addresses this issue and many more, and aims at a better JS-based accessibility support for all web elements. We are continuously working on improving the existing limitations. For example, in order to create a Label-Input relationship, you can use the <code>for</> property of the label component to bind the label to an input, or <code>accessible-name-ref</> property of the input component to bind the input to a label.
```

Author: Done. Here `` is used to mark a code block.
